how to connect a pressure clock
oil for a Corsican chevrolet
the procedure is the same for
any type of vehicle the only thing that
varies is the type of adapter that
we need
in this case what is needed is good
as already said the adapter a flexible
that is connected to the adapter and in turn
I connect to this plastic daisy that
then connect
to the pressure gauge to the clock
Of course it depends on where you are going to
want to place they also need a
support would have about this one here
the procedure is what needs to be done
is to join the
I come back from the vehicle's oil pressure
in this case it is at the exit of the
oil pump
under the car
we have the tracking pulley
the crankcase
and this has to be what I'm
lighting oil pressure calculation
what continues in that piece
bronze is the adapter that in this
case is already placed because I already have
placed the watch but before removing it
there was and was directly the bulb
I connected a little more in
what you have to do is remove that other
half that has the bulb to be able
remove the card and we work as two and
then start with the key I did not remember
019 a little bigger to be able to take out
the biggest zinc
to take out he
Freiburg of oil
once it is removed some place the
adapter
that has to have the same thread of the
bulb and the flexible that exists that is
here
that the crown connected to the
adapter and this hose that connects
is the one that arrives inside is the clock
the bulb connects behind the adapter
The adapter has two outputs
obviously one for the flexible and another
for the vulgar once it connects n it
connects on the tab back to the oil
of some
and connect the hose of the flexible
look for a place to spend them in
this case the basis behind the
drums
and be careful when holding it where
they hold it so that it is firm and not
it is not the possibility of it breaking
in my case
towards the bottom
and take right to the clock
once we connect everything we can
turn on the vehicle and stay
connected to the pressure clock